Ignore DiffNote type (#4)
unblu/u-needs-work: _documentation/src/docs/documentation/10_user-guide.adoc

image::needs-work-comment.png[alt=Flower,width=788,height=175]

Using the "New changes since the comment." link, you can access the diff view where you compare the changes since your last review.

> NOTE: Comments or threads on the "Changes" tab are ignored (when you post a remark on the code in the diff view). The "needs work" message has to be posted on the review dialog (or as comment in the "Overview" tab).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Comments or threads on the "Changes" tab are ignored (when you post a remark on the code in the diff view). The "needs work" message has to be posted on the review summary dialog, or directly in the "Overview" tab.
```

Does it really need to be a comment? I thought if we start a thread (instead of comment) in the "Overview" tab, it would also work.

Author: Good point I need to verify it.

Author: If you start a thread in the "Overview" tab, the type is `DiscussionNote`, so with the new filter it will be ignored.

Reviewer: But should it be ignored? If the reviewer only has a general remark (not specific to any line of the diff), he would start a thread from the overview, but then it would be ignored...

Author: And if he creates a thread/comment in the diff view and do not write "needs work" in the review dialog, then it will also be ignored.

I think this is fine, since our process is to write "needs work" in the review dialog.
